now I'm going to do the crease of the
eye and this is the tricky part and i'm
using i'm going to use a dark gray that
has kind of a silver Fleck to it it's
called print it kind of looks like a
news print color so it's not as dark as
black but it's still going to give a
nice deep smoky look and it's going to
look great with the silver I'm going to
use a nice fluffy crease brush and I
just put a little color on the end I'm
going to go right into the crease of the
eye little by little adding color the
crease of the eye is basically the end
of the eye in a sideways V and you just
kind of want to fill it in and you don't
want to go too far into the eye you only
want to go toward the middle of the eye
and you want to keep it dark on the
outside and you don't want to go too far
up to the brow either because you want
to keep the brow underneath the brow a
little bit highlighted so I'm just going
to little by little add color a little
at a time until i get my desired look
this is more of a nighttime look so get
a little more dramatic but not too crazy
because the silver is already pretty
metallic and dramatic as it is so we
don't want to add too much darkness but
we want to accentuate the I make it look
bigger and wider and a little more sexy
and smokey as well open and see you can
already tell how it's getting more
sultry but we don't want to add too much
pilot we're going to keep it about about
at this what I do want to do is just add
a tiny bit underneath the eye just to
give a little smokiness underneath the
eye as well you don't want to do too
much to the top of the eye without doing
a little on the bottom of the I
otherwise everything is going to be
right on top and it's just not it's not
it's not a very like smoky or sultry
look so that's our crease it's pretty
much done